last week fans waited in the rain
through lightning storms in a three-hour
delay only to have the Gators season
opener canceled but some things are
worth waiting for on Saturday under gray
skies and again a chance of rain the
bill was finally lifted and the old boys
of Florida shine in Curt ropers new
offense this is your this is the most
fun that I've seen everybody have in the
last six years man like just on offense
and hugs I mean cuz we know we're good
and we're group I mean and you can see
putting up 65 points I haven't seen that
since I was since I've been here so I
mean this is uh it's just amazing me I'm
very excited about the season the Gators
wrapped up 655 total yards of offense
which is twice with the average last
season and the most yards of offense in
one game since 2008 quarterback Jeff
Driskel showed poise in the pocket he
set career highs and completions and
attempts he went 31 to 45 for 258 yards
and no pegs he distributed the ball to
ten different receivers his 31
completions the most since tim tebow's
last game in 2010 I'm just a proud of
Jeff I made this the hard work this Sean
just showing now and it's just only be
just only the beginning so we gonna
continue to get better and keep showing
around what we capable of doing I think
it was really fun i think the guys had a
good time out there and i think that's
something that uh we couldn't have said
last year and that that's the key to
games having fun and that's what we did
today backup quarterback and true
freshman Treon Harris also had a magical
debut throwing two gems on his first two
college career throws a 70 and 78 yarder
both for touchdowns then i told i told
kurt we need the guy needs to play and
we need to play the guy we don't need to
sit on the ball we need to take some
shots and we did that and he hit on it
he needs more and more of those reps and
more more of those opportunities to
quality and play the game next up for
the Gators SDC play Florida will host
the Kentucky Wildcats at seven-thirty
p.m. this saturday in the swamp or they
look to continue showing off their new
up-tempo offense for small spotlight I'm
Kelly Price